# About_Me
My background, work experience, and narrative 

## My Background in Section 230 Reform
In high school, as a fellow for Girl Security—an organization geared towards empowering women in national security—I wrote a policy proposal confronting the rise of domestic terrorism by addressing social media as a new front of extremism. This helped me deeply analyze the problem of disinformation from a legislative standpoint. The summer after graduating high school, I interned for the House Committee on Homeland Security where I became deeply invested in Section 230 Reform—finding a way to mitigate social media's impact on domestic terrorism through their algorithmic amplification of extremist content. 

## My Transition and Goal for Tech
In college, I started my coursework as an International Relations major hoping to dedicate my career to implementing Section 230 reform legislation and, in general, fighting international terrorism and disinformation from a political science perspective. But, as I took my political science lectures, I found myself unchallenged by the content and craved a more technical understanding of the issues I was trying to solve, which is why I decided to start taking computer science classes in order to better understand the algorithmic structures of social media platforms on a technical level. I hope to one day engineer a new approach to these algorithms that still promote profit for social media companies but also do not further contribute to extremism in America. 

## My Computer Science Journey
I am currently taking Data Structures. In addition, this is my second semester as a course grader for Introduction to Computer Programming, after being offered the position in Spring 2024 for my high score in the course the previous semester. I am also conducting research under the Computer Science Department at NYU, where I'm using methodology from “A 3D Code for MHD Equilibrium and Stability” (Chodura, Schlüter 1981) applied to modern-day software to analyze increased accuracy in optimization techniques. The project includes using spectral approximations and MSE Loss function to numerically satisfy condition for three-dimensional magneto hydrostatic equilibria on a grid iteratively using JAX, and using the MSE Loss function to numerically satisfy poisson equation on a square with the centered finite difference method using JAX.
